some of you seem to think this story out
a Christmas celebration is gonna last
forever it's not just told you lie for
it if you want a great deal see your
Toyota dealer now you wouldn't want to
kiss those goodbyes goodbye
Rudolph's ready there just a few
shopping days left you know start with
Santa you slightly you really do see my
eyes got up his knees tonight on my
you couldn't be there when things got
pretty heavy for you-know-who
when mr. key makes Mike Warren
I said be there
Miller's outpost the back to school
fashion a sir
try on any pair of Jordache jeans and
this free gift is yours supplies last
and on nightline tonight the son of a
Soviet diplomat says he wants to go home
when the State Department lets him go
also the conclusion of the suspended
George Brett pine tar game